{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww35640\viewh19660\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Whether accepted or no, you can replace science paper with final exam.\
Must be recheck with miss Nurul, one day before exam. \
The idea must be unique.\
In IEEE format.\
\
https://www.analyticsvidhya.com/blog/2020/06/nlp-project-information-extraction/\
https://github.com/aniruddha27/Information-Extraction-using-Python/blob/main/Information%20Extraction%20using%20Python.ipynb\
https://practicaldatascience.co.uk/machine-learning/a-quick-guide-to-product-attribute-extraction-models\
https://www.quora.com/I-am-looking-for-some-NLP-algorithm-to-get-the-product-features-from-the-product-review-Suppose-I-have-some-user-reviews-on-a-laptop-and-i-want-to-extract-the-features-people-discussed-in-their-reviews-programmatically\
 \
\
\
What is Tfidf?\
Tfidf stands for Term frequency-inverse document frequency. The tf-idf weight is a weight often used in information retrieval and text mining. Variations of the tf-idf weighting scheme are often used by search engines \
In scoring and ranking a document\'92s relevance given a query. This weight is a statistical measure used to evaluate how important a word is to a document in a collection or corpus. The importance increases proportionally\
To a number of times a word appears in the document but is offset by the frequency of the word in the corpus (data-set). \
\
What is bag of word?\
Bag of words model is used to preprocess the text by converting it into a bag of words, which keeps a count of the total occurrences of most frequently used words. \
\
What is LDA?\
Linear discriminant analysis (LDA) is a dimensionally reduction technique. It is used as a pre-processing step in Machine learning and application of pattern classification.\
The goal of LDA is  \
\
What is LSI?\
Latent semantic indexing uses natural language processing (NLP) to help a search engine determine relevant content for a specific search query. \
\
\
 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Bootcamp\
Education background: concise\
Completion course\
\
Learn all google certificate course \
\
\
Performance Notice:\
SVM : 0.67\
Logistic regression: 0>57\
Naive Bayes: 0.57\
KNN: 0.35\
Decision tree: 0.55\
}