{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-ItalicMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Tell the difference between bag of word and tfidf when dealing with imbalance data.\
Bow work better with imbalance.\
Tfidf work better with more balance. \
\
Stemming:\
Try noun and verb instead of all word, or nouns only. \
\
Try deep learning or neural network.\
\
\
https://www.ijfis.org/journal/view.html?uid=797&&vmd=Full\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Lee, H., Kim, J., & Kim, S. (2017). Gaussian-based SMOTE algorithm for solving skewed class distributions.\'a0
\f2\i International Journal of Fuzzy Logic and Intelligent Systems
\f1\i0 ,\'a0
\f2\i 17
\f1\i0 (4), 229-234.\
\
\
https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/7063993\
\
Li, K., Zhang, W., Lu, Q., & Fang, X. (2014, October). An improved SMOTE imbalanced data classification method based on support degree. In\'a0
\f2\i 2014 International Conference on Identification, Information and Knowledge in the Internet of Things
\f1\i0 \'a0(pp. 34-38). IEEE.\
\
https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0022000013000718\
\
Cerri, R., Barros, R. C., & De Carvalho, A. C. (2014). Hierarchical multi-label classification using local neural networks.\'a0
\f2\i Journal of Computer and System Sciences
\f1\i0 ,\'a0
\f2\i 80
\f1\i0 (1), 39-56.\
\
https://proceedings.mlr.press/v80/wehrmann18a.html\
\
Wehrmann, J., Cerri, R., & Barros, R. (2018, July). Hierarchical multi-label classification networks. In\'a0
\f2\i International Conference on Machine Learning
\f1\i0 \'a0(pp. 5075-5084). PMLR.}